One month.
His Majesty has never stepped out of the palace.
The Queen Mother is back, the Queen Mother is back.
You mean she's back?
The Holy Father is preparing a family feast for the Queen Mother tomorrow.
Master, the day of your turning over is coming soon.
Ask her what color she'll wear tomorrow.
My aunt has an eccentric personality.
I hate harem concubines who dress like her the most.
I have heard back to the master.
Tomorrow the Queen will wear pink.
When the princess entered the palace
The Queen is not in the palace.
Nash must not have known this unwritten taboo.
Mom, you're going to give the pink Su Cam dress that I've kept for years to Princess Jubilee.
She said she was sorry for her mother.
I especially gave her this pink dress to beg her to make peace.
Yes.
The dress that Master Yao Fei gave you said he wanted to talk peace with you.
Fear there will be no fraud.
Tight, soft and glossy
A good piece of material.
Tomorrow I will wear it to the family party.